---
title: "Gateway Hacker Traffic Logs"
path: "/organizations/vpn-hacker-traffic-logs.html"
id: "organizations/vpn-hacker-traffic-logs"
---

This page describes hacker traffic logs that are available to download or sync to your data storage. 
See [this page](/organizations/hackerone-vpn.html#download-hacker-traffic-logs) for instructions on how to obtain these logs.

Logs are provided in a newline-delimited JavaScript Object Notation (NDJSON) format.
Three types of logs are available that are described in detail below: 
- [HTTP](#http)
- [Network](#network)
- [Network Session](#network-session)

### HTTP

 Field  | Description
--------|------------
HTTP Host | Hostname in the HTTP header for the HTTP request.
Email | [Email address alias](/hackers/hacker-email-alias.html) associated with the user who made the HTTP request. This is generated by the WARP client.
Action | The Gateway Action taken based on the first rule that matched (for example, Allow or Block).
Datetime | Date and time of the HTTP request.
URL | Full URL of the HTTP request.
Referer | Referer request header containing the address of the page making the request.
HTTP Version | HTTP version of the origin that Gateway connected to on behalf of the user.
HTTP Method | HTTP method used for the request (for example, GET or POST).
HTTP Status Code | HTTP status code returned in the response.
Destination IP | Public IP address of the destination requested.
Destination Port | Port of the destination requested.
User Agent | User agent header sent in the request by the originating device.
Untrusted Certificate Action | Action taken when an untrusted origin certificate error occurs (for example, expired certificate, mismatched common name, invalid certificate chain, signed by non-public CA). One of **none**, **block**, **error** or **passThrough**. 
SessionID | The session identifier of this network session.

### Network

Field | Description
------|------------
Destination IP | IP address of the packet's target.
Destination Port | Port of the packet's target.
Action | The Gateway Action taken based on the first rule that matched (for example, Allow or Block). 
Session ID | ID of the unique session.
Datetime | Date and time of the session.
Source Port | Source port number for the packet.
SNI | Host whose Server Name Indication (SNI) header Gateway will filter traffic against.
Email | [Email address alias](/hackers/hacker-email-alias.html) associated with the user sending the packet.
OverrideIP | Overridden IP of the network session, if any.
OverridePort | Overridden port of the network session, if any.
Transport | Transport protocol used for this session. Possible values are **tcp**, **quic** and **udp**.

### Network Session

Field | Description
------|------------
BytesReceived | The number of bytes sent from the origin to the client during the network session.
BytesSent | The number of bytes sent from the client to the origin during the network session.
ClientTCPHandshakeDurationMs | Duration of handshaking the TCP connection between the client and Cloudflare in milliseconds.
ClientTLSCipher | TLS cipher suite used in the connection between the client and Cloudflare.
ClientTLSHandshakeDurationMs | Duration of handshaking the TLS connection between the client and Cloudflare in milliseconds.
ClientTLSVersion | TLS protocol version used in the connection between the client and Cloudflare.
ConnectionCloseReason | The reason for closing the connection, only applicable for TCP. Possible values are **clientClosed**, **originClosed**, **timeout**, **clientTcpError**, **clientTlsError**, **originTcpError** and **originTlsError**.
ConnectionReuse | Whether the TCP connection was reused for multiple HTTP requests.
EgressColoName | The name of the Cloudflare colocation from which traffic egressed to the origin.
EgressIP | Source IP used when egressing traffic from Cloudflare to the origin.
EgressPort | Source port used when egressing traffic from Cloudflare to the origin.
Email | [Email address alias](/hackers/hacker-email-alias.html) associated with the user who initiated the network session.
IngressColoName | The name of the Cloudflare colocation to which traffic ingressed.
Offramp | The type of destination to which the network session was routed. Possible values are **internet**, **magic**, **cfd_tunnel** and **WARP**.
OriginIP | The IP of the destination origin for the network session.
OriginPort | The port of the destination origin for the network session.
OriginTLSCertificateIssuer | The issuer of the origin TLS certificate.
OriginTLSCertificateValidationResult | The result of validating the TLS certificate of the origin. Possible values are **valid**, **expired**, **revoked** and **hostnameMismatch**.
OriginTLSCipher | TLS cipher suite used in the connection between Cloudflare and the origin.
OriginTLSHandshakeDurationMs | Duration of handshaking the TLS connection between Cloudflare and the origin in milliseconds.
OriginTLSVersion | TLS protocol version used in the connection between Cloudflare and the origin.
Protocol | Network protocol used for this network session. Possible values are **tcp**, **udp**, **icmp** and **icmpv6**.
SessionEndTime | The network session end timestamp with nanosecond precision.
SessionID | The identifier of this network session.
SessionStartTime | The network session start timestamp with nanosecond precision.
